Add Simplifier to the official integrations (#2889)
modelcontextprotocol/servers: README.md

- <img height="12" width="12" src="https://semgrep.dev/favicon.ico" alt="Semgrep Logo" /> **[Semgrep](https://github.com/semgrep/mcp)** - Enable AI agents to secure code with [Semgrep](https://semgrep.dev/).
- <img height="12" width="12" src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/187640573?s=48&v=4" alt="Sequa Logo" /> **[Sequa.AI](https://github.com/sequa-ai/sequa-mcp)** - Stop stitching context for Copilot and Cursor. With [Sequa MCP](https://github.com/sequa-ai/sequa-mcp), your AI tools know all your codebases and docs out of the box.
- <img height="12" width="12" src="https://cdn.prod.website-files.com/6372338e5477e047032b37a5/64f85e6388a2a5c8c9525b4d_favLogo.png" alt="Shortcut Logo" /> **[Shortcut](https://github.com/useshortcut/mcp-server-shortcut)** - Access and implement all of your projects and tasks (Stories) from [Shortcut](https://shortcut.com/).

> - <img height="12" width="12" src="https://simplifier.io/favicon.ico" alt="Simplifier Logo" /> **[Simplifier](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@simplifierag/simplifier-mcp)** - Manage connectors, business objects and more in your [Simplifier](https://simplifier.io/) low code plattform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- <img height="12" width="12" src="https://simplifier.io/favicon.ico" alt="Simplifier Logo" /> **[Simplifier](https://github.com/simplifier-ag/simplifier-mcp)** - Manage connectors, business objects and more in your [Simplifier](https://simplifier.io/) low code platform.
```
